dashboard: update status of continuous profiling (#9467)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/continuous-profiling.md

>
> To use Continuous Profiling, your cluster should be deployed or upgraded with a recent version of TiUP (v1.9.0 or above) or TiDB Operator (v1.3.0 or above). If your cluster was upgraded using an earlier version of TiUP or TiDB Operator, see [FAQ](/dashboard/dashboard-faq.md#a-required-component-ngmonitoring-is-not-started-error-is-shown) for instructions.

> Continuous Profiling is enabled by default since version 6.1. After enabling it, you can have performance data continuously collected in the background without keeping the web pages always active. Data collected can be kept for a certain period of time and expired data is automatically cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous Profiling is enabled by default since TiDB v6.1.0. After enabling it, you can have performance data continuously collected in the background without keeping the web pages always active. Data collected can be kept for a certain period of time and expired data is automatically cleared.
```
